{"initiatorWorkerId": 707, "conversationId": 15092, "target_movie": "It  (2017)", "id": 7911, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Conversation\nSystem: hi\nSystem: what can I help you find today\nUser: Hi I am interested in a Thriller\nUser: What would you suggest\nSystem: sure\nSystem: Psycho  (1960) was great\nUser: Oh I havent ever seen that!\nSystem: Get Out (2017) was a good one too\nUser: I really enjoy stuff like Scream  (1996)\nUser: I havent seen that one either!\nSystem: Have you seen Memento  (2000) ?\nUser: I have not... Did you enjoy it?\nSystem: yes I did\nUser: Thank you for the suggestions!\nSystem: Leonard (Guy Pearce) is tracking down the man who raped and murdered his wife. The difficulty, however, of locating his wife's killer is compounded by the fact that he suffers from a rare, untreatable form of memory loss. Although he can recall details of life before his accident, Leonard cannot remember what happened fifteen minutes ago, where he's going, or why.\nUser: Have a nice day and goodbye! =)\nSystem: your welcome\n\n2. Click\nMoana  (2016)\n\n3. Conversation\nUser: Hello there!\nSystem: Hello\nUser: I am looking for a good kids movie to watch\nSystem: Coco  (2017) was a really good kids movie.\nSystem: Despicable Me 3 (2017) was also really good.  Have you seen either one?\nUser: Oh I haven't seen that one yet! It looks really cute!\nUser: I havent seen that either!\nUser: We havent watched any in that series\nSystem: My son loved Sing  (2016)  and Trolls  (2016) too.,\nSystem: You will enjoy them I am sure.\nUser: Oh we absolutely love both of those!\nUser: Thank you for the awesome suggestions!\nSystem: I liked all three in that series.\nSystem: You are quite welcome.\nUser: Have a great day! =)\nSystem: Have a great afternoon.\n\n4. Conversation\nSystem: Hello!\nUser: Hello there!\nUser: I am looking for a few good romantic comedies!\nUser: What would you suggest\nSystem: Have you seen Everybody Loves Somebody (2017) ?\nUser: Oh no, I haven't\nSystem: Their Finest (2016)  was another good one.\nSystem: The Wedding Planner (2001) is also good.  Have you seen either of those?\nUser: I havent seen the first one... I really enjoyed the second one though!\nUser: J.Lo will forever be a favorite of mine lol\nSystem: Also, The Big Sick (2017)  if you have't seen that one.\nSystem: Yes I have to agree on that one :).\nUser: They all sound like great suggestions!\nUser: Thank you so much!\nUser: Have a great day! =)\nSystem: You are welcome.  Have a good afternoon.\n\n5. Conversation\nUser: Hi there!\nUser: I am looking for recommendations on children movies!\nSystem: Hey how's your day going?\nUser: Oh it is going very well, and yours?\nSystem: The Incredibles (2004) is a great movie\nUser: I have never seen that!\nUser: I would love to though, I have heard a lot abou tit\nUser: about it*\nSystem: Toy Story (1995) is good have you seen it?\nUser: Oh yes! That is a classic for sure! I love tha tone!\nUser: that one*\nSystem: My favorite is Finding Nemo (2003) and Finding Dory (2016)\nSystem: Both are really good and I love the characters.\nUser: Oh those are both great too! My daughter loved Finding Dory, and we both love ellen! =)\nUser: Thank you so much for the suggestions!\nUser: Have a great day! =)\n\n6. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nUser: Hello there!\nUser: I am interested in a good comedy to watch\nSystem: The Hangover (2009) is funny, have you seen it?\nUser: Oh yes! I have! I really enjoy that movie\nUser: I also like movies like Home Alone (1990)\nSystem: How about Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975)? It's a classic, but great.\nUser: Which I thought was hilarious\nSystem: That is a good movie.\nUser: Oh I do love that one!\nSystem: Tropic Thunder (2008) is hilarious\nSystem: Shrek (2001) is my favorite though.\nUser: I have never seen or heard of that one! I will check it out!\nSystem: Great!\nUser: Oh I loooove Shrek!\nSystem: Me too!\nUser: Thank you for all the suggestions\nUser: Have a great afternoon!\nSystem: Have a wonderful day, bye.\n\n7. Conversation\nSystem: Good afternoon!\nUser: Good afternoon!\nSystem: How can I help you today?\nUser: I am looking for suggestions of movies with great music\nSystem: Have you seen Out of Africa  (1985)?\nUser: I have not seen that!\nUser: I really enjoy The King and I  (1956)\nSystem: Or, Labyrinth  (1986)?\nSystem: That is a good one too\nUser: I have never seen that one either! I have heard a lot though, so I will have to check tha tout!\nSystem: Baby Driver  (2017) has a good soundtrack as well.\nSystem: Of course,  I am partial to Straight Outta Compton  (2015)\nUser: T\nUser: Those all sound great!\nUser: hank you for all the suggestions!\nSystem: Awesome. You have a variety to choose from.\nUser: have a great day!\nUser: buh bye!\nSystem: All Eyez on Me  is another one I love.\nSystem: You too.\nSystem: Bye!\n\n8. Conversation\nUser: Hi there!\nUser: I am looking for a good kids movie to check out with my little ones\nSystem: Hello!\nSystem: We loved Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs (2009)\nUser: Oh I loved that movie too!\nUser: I havent seen it in forever!\nSystem: Another great one was Moana  (2016)\nSystem: Do you like those types?\nUser: Oh yes! We love the type with music!\nUser: Those songs in Moana sure are catchy!\nSystem: Yes they are!\nSystem: Frozen (2013) had a lot of good songs.\nUser: great suggestion!\nSystem: Have you seen that one?\nUser: yup!!\nUser: i also LOVE Mulan (1998)\nSystem: I'm trying to think of some recent stuff.\nSystem: I actually never saw Mulan (2009)\nUser: It's great!\nUser: Thank you for all your suggestions!\nUser: Have a great day!\nSystem: You're welcome!\n\n9. Conversation\nUser: Hello &amp; good afternoon!\nUser: I am interested in some good childrens movies\nSystem: Hi\nSystem: have you seen The Secret Life of Pets (2016)\nSystem: its very funny\nUser: Oh no! I haven't- that does sound good!\nSystem: Moana  (2016)  is cute also\nUser: Oh that is definitely one of our favorites!\nSystem: I want to see Coco  (2017) but haven't gotten a chance yet\nUser: We love all of the music in it!\nUser: I also want to see that!\nUser: One of my favorites of all time is The Lion King (1994)\nUser: But hey- thank you for all of the suggestions!\nUser: I hope you have a great day! =)\nUser: Bye now\n\n10. Click\nMulan (1998)\nBeauty and the Beast  (1992)\n\n11. Conversation\nUser: Hello there!\nSystem: What movies to you enjoy?\nUser: I am interested in comedies!\nSystem: I love Bridesmaids  (2011) have you seen it\nUser: Oh I haven't, I heard of it though, and it sounds good!\nSystem: What about When Harry Met Sally... (1989) ? Thats a classic!\nUser: Oh wow! I havent seen that in forever, but I definitely will consider it now!\nUser: I really enjoy Home Alone (1990)\nUser: Another great classic!\nSystem: Oh yeah thats a family favorite around the Holidays!\nSystem: We watched the new Baywatch  (2017) it was actually pretty funny\nSystem: I wasnt too excited to watch it, but ended up enjoying it lol\nUser: Oh boy! I have been wanting to see that! Zac Efron is in it, right?\nSystem: Oh yah!\nUser: Hey- thanks for all of your suggestions!\nUser: Have a great day! =)\nSystem: Have a good one\nUser: Buh bye! =)\n\n12. Conversation\nSystem: Hello!\nSystem: What movies do you love?\nUser: Hi there!\nUser: I LOVE romantic comedies!\nUser: One of my favorites is Love Actually (2003)\nSystem: Me too! I love that one!\nSystem: How about The Notebook (2004)\nUser: Oh that one is a classic! Everyone LOVES that one! =)\nSystem: yES! And do you like Dear John  (2010)\nSystem: oops\nUser: I haven't watched that one, however, I have read the book!\nUser: I would definitely be interested in the movie\nSystem: You must watch it! And try Safe Haven  (2013)\nUser: Is that another one based on a Sparks novel?\nUser: Great suggestions!! Thank you so much!\nSystem: yes!\nSystem: bye!\nUser: Buh bye! =)\n\n13. Click\nMoana  (2016)\nMulan (1998)\nTrolls  (2016)\n\n14. Conversation\nUser: Hi there\nSystem: Hello\nUser: I am interested in watching a good comedy\nUser: What would you suggest\nSystem: Hm, can you give me an example of a movie you like?\nUser: I like Superbad  (2007)\nUser: I also enjoyed Pineapple Express  (2008)\nUser: Goofy humor\nSystem: How about This Is the End (2013) ? That movie is hilarious?\nUser: I haven't seen that!\nUser: I have heard good things, thought\nUser: I have heard good things, thought\r\nthough*\nSystem: If you want to give old schol goofy humor a try, there is Porky's (1981).\nSystem: *old school\nUser: Oh goodness, I saw they had that movie at the dollar store yesterday! lol\nUser: Have a great day &amp; thank you! =)\r\nbye now\nUser: Have a great day &amp; thank you! =)\n\n15. Conversation\nUser: Hi there\nSystem: Hello\nUser: I am interested in a childrens movie\nUser: something like Mulan (1998)\nUser: or the The Lion King (1994) - we really enjoy the music!\nSystem: How about Frozen (2013) or Beauty and the Beast  (2017)?\nSystem: The new live action was pretty entertaining.\nUser: Oh both of those sound really good!!\nUser: They also have some really good music as well\nUser: Thank you for the suggestions\nSystem: Yes they do!\nUser: Have a wonderful day\nSystem: You are welcome\nUser: Bye now\nSystem: Bye\n\n16. Click\nMulan (1998)\n\n17. Conversation\nUser: Hi there!\nSystem: Hello\nSystem: What can I help you find today?\nUser: I am looking for something musical like Moulin Rouge! (2001)\nSystem: NIce! One of my favorites.\nUser: or The Phantom of the Opera  (2004)\nSystem: Have you tried Oklahoma  (1979), La La Land  (2016) or Chicago  (2002)?\nUser: I havent seen the first two, the the last one is another one of our favorites!\nUser: Thank you for all of the wonderful suggestions!\nSystem: I really liked The Greatest Showman (2017)\nUser: I will be sure to check them out\nSystem: You are most welcome.\nUser: I havent seen that either\nUser: Thank you\nUser: bye now\nSystem: Bye\n\n18. Click\nThe Lion King (1994)\n\n19. Conversation\nUser: Hi there!\nSystem: Hello\nUser: I am interested in a good kids movie\nUser: animated\nUser: We really like the classic disney films like The Lion King (1994)  and Mulan (1998)\nSystem: Those are classics.\nSystem: Have you seen the newish Disney Coco  (2017) ?\nUser: No! My hubby and I were thinking about renting it last night when the internet went out\nUser: Never know how much you use something until its gone and no Netflix lol\nSystem: hahah\nSystem: seriously!\nSystem: can induce anxiety attack!\nSystem: I liked it.\nUser: HAHAH!\nSystem: also it's older but I watched it on DVD a couple weeks back is Happy Feet (2006)\nUser: Oh! I havent seen that in quite a few years, so cute!\nSystem: I'm sure that is on cable or netflix.\nUser: Thank you for the suggestions! =)\nUser: Have a great day\nSystem: It's SUPER cute.\nUser: bye now\nSystem: alright, goodbye\n\n20. Conversation\nSystem: Hey how are you\nUser: Hello I am good! Thank you\nUser: I am interested in seeing a couple good new releases\nUser: What would you suggest- any genre is fine =)\nSystem: Have you watched Get Out (2017) yet? A good scary one!\nSystem: I also really liked Jumanji  (2017) .. thought it was pretty funny\nUser: I havenot seen the first one yet\nUser: I have heard the second one is really great!\nSystem: We watched The Shape of Water  (2017) last weekend.. was a little unsure if I'd like it, but it was done really well!\nUser: I have heard really good things about that as well, I really want to check it out!\nUser: I Can Only Imagine (2018)\nUser: seems to be really good\nUser: I am pumped to see that one! =)\nSystem: Game Night (2018) is so good too! Funny and an action film\nSystem: Oh I havent seen that one yet\nUser: Thank you for your suggestions\nUser: bye now\n\n21. Click\nMoana  (2016)\nFinding Nemo (2003)\n\n22. Conversation\nSystem: Is there anything you would like to watch?\nSystem: horror? romance?\nUser: Hi there\nUser: I am interested in some new releases\nUser: no genre necessary\nSystem: Okay Have you seen the 12 Strong (2018) ?\nUser: I have not!\nSystem: There was also Insidious: The Last Key (2018)  I thought that was a bit scary.\nUser: I am interested in seeing I Can Only Imagine (2018) which looks really inspiring\nUser: Oh I havent even heard of that one!\nSystem: If you want romance Fifty Shades Freed  (2018)  might be a good idea.\nSystem: Never heard of that movie\nUser: Oh that does look interesting...\nSystem: what is is about?\nUser: It's kind of an inspriing religious movie, but not really that religious lol\nUser: Thanks for the suggestions\nUser: bye now\n\n23. Conversation\nSystem: hello, What would you like to see ?\nSystem: Any ideas on the genre?\nUser: Hi there\nUser: I would like to see some romance movies\nUser: I really like Moulin Rouge! (2001) even though kind of more a musical\nSystem: Well there is Fifty Shades Freed  (2018)  that just came out, I believe they get married in this one.\nSystem: So you like musicals?\nUser: Oh that does look like a good movie, I havent seen the first though\nUser: Yes I love them\nSystem: Have you seen La La Land  (2016)  that one got alot of rewards.\nSystem: I haven't seen it myself though.\nUser: no I have heard good things though\nSystem: There is also Failure to Launch (2006) , which is a funny romance story.\nUser: Oh! Nice\nUser: I havent seen that either\nUser: Thank you for the suggestions\nUser: bye now\nSystem: You should check it out\nSystem: bye.\n\n24. Click\nSuperbad  (2007)\n\n25. Conversation\nSystem: Hello!\nUser: Hi!\nUser: I am interested in some new releases and wondering what you would reccomend\nUser: I am looking forward to seeing I Can Only Imagine (2018)\nUser: but I really l ike all genres\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nI don't know."}

{"initiatorWorkerId": 14, "conversationId": 466, "target_movie": "Minority Report  (2002)", "id": 133, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Conversation\nSystem: Hi what kind of movies do you like?\nUser: Hey, could you suggest some movies for me? I like things that are true stories an comedy\nUser: stff like Scary Movie (2000)\nUser: not so much british humor like Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975)\nSystem: Bernie  (2011) with Jack Black is a comedy and true story\nUser: wow, i wonder how I never heard of this one. i think i would like it. thanks. do you have maybe one more suggestion?\nSystem: Jim Carey I Love You Phillip Morris (2009) was great too\nUser: Oh, i did love that one. Thanks for reminding me. I think i will go back and watch that again too.\nUser: Thanks for your help! We are done then\nSystem: Glad I could help bye.\nUser: bye bye\n\n2. Click\nAirplane! (1980)\nCaddyshack (1980)\nStar Wars\n\n3. Click\nThe Sixth Sense (1999)\nPsycho \n\n4. Click\nThe Princess Bride  (1987)\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user prefers movies that blend comedy with true stories, but also shows interest in a variety of genres including science fiction, suspense, and fantasy. They appreciate films with strong comedic elements and are open to movies that incorporate elements of suspense and adventure."}


{"initiatorWorkerId": 171, "conversationId": 2818, "target_movie": "Wonder Woman  (2017)", "id": 2154, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nUser: Hello I am looking for a good movie to watch any ideas\nSystem: What kind of films do you like?\nUser: I am open to lots but I really like action\nSystem: Have you ever seen Cyborg  (1989) ?\nUser: No I have never heard of it\nSystem: That is a really good action flick with Jean Claude Van Damme\nUser: I am more into things like Armageddon  (1997)\nSystem: Have you ever seen Goodfellas (1990) ?\nUser: Yeah I saw that one a few times\nSystem: I saw Armageddon. It was pretty good.\nSystem: Are you a fan of The Terminator (1984) ?\nUser: not really but my fiance likes those ones\nSystem: Do you like newer action movies?\nSystem: Do you like The Avengers  (2012) ?\nUser: Yes I love newer ones I am just getting into the Marvel ones\nSystem: Good stuff. Bye\n\n2. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nUser: Hi seen any good movies recently\nSystem: I have. What movies do you like?\nUser: I really like action or drama well anything really\nSystem: Have you ever seen It  (2017) ?\nSystem: That was a really good one\nUser: yes that was a good one\nSystem: Also, have you ever seen The Terminator (1984) ?\nUser: not a fan of Arnold\nSystem: You might like Predator  (1987) if you give it a try. Arnold is the man\nUser: you see the new Jumanji  (2017) yet that was cool\nUser: my fiance likes that one\nSystem: Great action movie... I've been meaning to see the new Jumanji. it looks good\nUser: I love Armageddon  (1997) but for some reason it puts me to sleep\nSystem: I loved it I recommend watching Highlander  (1986)\nUser: I will check that out have a great night\nSystem: Bye\n\n3. Click\nJohn Wick: Chapter 2 (2017)\nIron Man  (2008)\n\n4. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nUser: Hi I am so lost on movies to watch any good ideas I am into just about any kind\nSystem: How about horror? Ever seen An American Werewolf in London (1981) ?\nUser: I have saw that one it was pretty good\nSystem: You should check out The Lost Boys (1987) as well. Great vampire movie\nUser: Yeah I love that movie it was one of my favorites\nSystem: As far as romance goes, you should watch Untamed Heart (1993) . Marisa Tomei is superb in that one.\nSystem: and if you want a little comedy, Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein (1948) is full of laughs\nSystem: have you seen either of those?\nUser: wow I will have to check those out dont think I have seen them\nSystem: Have a good day\nUser: That comedy sounds great bye\n\n5. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nUser: Hi seen any good movies lately\nSystem: What kind of films do you like?\nSystem: I have\nUser: I really like action\nSystem: Have you ever seen The Terminator (1984) ?\nUser: not a fan of that seen any good newer movies\nSystem: Or, how about The Avengers  (2012) ?\nUser: that one was not too bad just starting to get into that series my kids love it\nSystem: Did you see Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) ?\nUser: Yes I did it was ok but I prefer Spider-Man  (2002)\nSystem: I recommend watching Jumanji (1995) . The new one is fine, but the old one is a classic. Full of action and thrills and even some chills.\nUser: love that one\nUser: I actually watched it the other night before watching the new one\nSystem: Sweet\nUser: have a great night\nSystem: Bye\n\n6. Conversation\nUser: Hi what kind of movies do you like\nSystem: Hello\nSystem: I like Romantic Comedies\nSystem: What about you?\nUser: I like action but romantic comedies are good\nUser: Have you seen The Mountain Between Us (2017) yet\nSystem: I like those too\nSystem: No but I want to\nSystem: Have you seen Fastest  (2011)\nUser: no I have never heard of that one\nUser: One of my favorites is Serendipity  (2001) have you seen that\nSystem: How about The Transporter (2002) ?\nSystem: Love that one!\nUser: no that has jason statham and I cant stand him\nSystem: Oh wow really? lol\nSystem: He's not that bad\nUser: yeah I dont know what it is about him but cant stand him\nUser: although he was good in The Fate of the Furious (2017)\nSystem: Yes I like all of those!\nUser: me too\nSystem: These were some good suggestions\nUser: have a great night bye\nSystem: You too bye\n\n7. Click\nCaptain America: Civil War (2016)\n\n8. Click\nJumanji  (2017)\n\n9. Conversation\nSystem: Hi, what kind of movies do you like?\nUser: hello I am looking for  a good comedy\nSystem: Ever seen Dumb and Dumber (1994) ?\nUser: oh those were sooooo stupid\nSystem: What about Pineapple Express  (2008) ?\nUser: I like things more like Wedding Crashers (2005)\nUser: that was a good one\nSystem: Good choice. Did you ever see Tropic Thunder (2008) ?\nUser: way more times that I wanted too lol my fiance loves that movie\nSystem: Good stuff\nSystem: Would The Big Lebowski be a good suggestion for you?\nUser: if you have not seen it yet Jumanji  (2017) is good\nUser: yes I liked that one to\nSystem: I have not yet, but I will go see it.\nUser: Thanks for the suggestions have a great night\nSystem: You too bye\n\n10. Click\nEddie and the Cruisers (1983)\nEddie and the Cruisers II: Eddie Lives! (1989)\n\n11. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nSystem: What type of movies do you like?\nUser: Hi any good horror movies you would recommend\nSystem: Yes\nSystem: Have you seen The Exorcist  (1973) ?\nUser: Yes that was a good one\nSystem: It's a old classic\nSystem: How about the Carrie  (1976) ?\nUser: I love that one well anything Stephen King really\nUser: although the book was better\nUser: have you ever seen Route 666  (2001) that was low budget but good\nSystem: No\nSystem: Sounds good though\nUser: it was takes a lot to scare me anymore though\nSystem: I can't really think of a Stephen King one\nUser: the only movie that really gets to me anymore is The Mothman Prophecies  (2002)\nSystem: I agree\nSystem: Never heard of that one\nUser: oh you have to check it out it is based around true events and not just one of those we are telling you its true but its not that one is\nSystem: Insidious  (2010) is a good one\nSystem: I heard the new one is crap though lol\nUser: Oh really don't say that I was looking forward to seeing that one\nSystem: Hmm sounds interesting\nSystem: Me too\nSystem: Saw it on a new review today :(\nSystem: *news\nUser: it has been great talking to you thanks for all the advice have a great night\n\n12. Conversation\nSystem: Good evening!\nUser: Hi are there any new movies out that are worth watching\nSystem: What movie genres are you interested in?\nSystem: I thought Bright (2017) was really good, even without the back story.\nUser: hmm never heard of that one\nSystem: I saw Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi (2017) as well.\nUser: I really like all kinds of movies I will watch a kids movie followed by a horror flick\nSystem: Bright is a Netflix original starring Will Smith.\nUser: except for start wars that is not a fan\nUser: oh yeah I did see that may have to watch that one\nSystem: If you like animation, or a kids movie I would check out Coco  (2017)\nUser: Yes that is on my short list to watch too may check that one out tonight\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user prefers action films, particularly those with a blend of adventure and lighter elements, and shows a growing interest in newer releases. They also enjoy romantic comedies and have a taste for films that blend romance with action or adventure. The user appreciates strong female leads and is open to a variety of genres, but their interactions suggest a stronger preference for action and romantic comedy films."}


{"initiatorWorkerId": 67, "conversationId": 9775, "target_movie": "Blade Runner 2049 (2017)", "id": 1260, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Conversation\nSystem: hi there\nUser: Hello. Am seeking films. Can you help me? I like the action pictures from the 90s.\nSystem: how about Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991)\nUser: You know, you can really stump someone by asking for esoteric movie recommendations. Just watch them flounder... T2 was good. T3 was garbage!\nSystem: The Matrix (1999)\nUser: Rise of the machine haaah!\nSystem: did I flounder?\nUser: I like T2. okay.\nSystem: so your a movie are you?\nUser: Like I can ask for recommendations based on ayatollah uprising in iran\nUser: good luck finding that...\nUser: actually, ben afleck did that one movie...what was it called?\nSystem: Argo\nUser: argo\nUser: yeah i just looked it up\nSystem: Argo  (2004)\nUser: nice.\nUser: there we go, ill watch that again\nSystem: did you like that one\nUser: I think, i saw it a few years ago.\nSystem: how about Con Air (1997)\nUser: Yeah con air. nice. I like that one. Nick Cage lol...\nSystem: He was the man\nUser: any nick cage film\nSystem: The Rock  (1996)\n\n2. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nUser: Hi, I'm looking for a funny film. A comedy!\nSystem: Ok\nSystem: How about Elf  (2003) since it's close to Christmas?\nUser: Yeah i remember that one. Artie Lange was in that one.\nUser: Anything else?\nSystem: Meet the Parents (2000) is funny\nUser: Ive seen that movie many times. It is good.\nSystem: Airplane! (1980) is a good spoof. A classic.\nUser: That one is a classic. Leslie Nielson.\nUser: That one is a classic. Leslie Nielson.\nUser: Any other leslie nielson films? Mr. Magoo was crap.\nSystem: The Naked Gun is great\nUser: Yeah, I love those old films.\nSystem: Me too. The newer movies don't compare\n\n3. Conversation\nSystem: Hi!\nSystem: What kind of movies do you enjoy?\nUser: I like action movies. Can you give me anything in that genre?\nSystem: Yes!\nSystem: @Mad Max is a great movie with a  lot of action\nUser: The new one? Did it get good reviews?\nSystem: That movie got a ton of awards\nUser: I never bothered to see it. The two actors weren't that interesting.\nSystem: Atomic Blonde (2017) is another good one\nUser: i know that one did poorly. did it review well?\nSystem: That movie is a hit or miss. Either you will love it or you will hate it. Gladiator  (1992) with Russel Crowe is good\nUser: I like the gladiator. that was woos good. that 1992?\nSystem: @Looper is another good one with Bruce Willis\nUser: that couldnt be 1992\nSystem: Gladiator  (2000)  i meant 2000\nUser: i thought there was no way that was accurate\nSystem: If you like action like Saving Private Ryan (1998), Dunkirk  (2017) is a good movie\nUser: I need to see dunkirk, ryan was great\nSystem: it has gotten great reviews\nSystem: Dunkirk is amazing!\n\n4. Click\nGhostbusters (1984)\nDumb and Dumber To (2014)\nThe Number 23 (2007)\n\n5. Click\nAlong Came a Spider  (2001)\nAce Ventura: Pet Detective (1994)\nShanghai Knights (2003)\n\n6. Conversation\nUser: Hi. I'm looking for a good action movie.\nSystem: Have you seen Black Panther (2018) Yet? Just came out in theaters\nUser: I haven't, but it looks good.\nUser: I like stuff from the 90s and early 200s\nUser: 2000s*\nSystem: John travolta is my favorite. Have you seen Face/Off (1997)\nUser: I have seen it. It was okay. I like some of Nicholas Cage's movies.\nUser: Swordfish  (2001) was okay for a Travolta film. What others can you recommend?\nSystem: SInce you like Nicholas gage,  I&quot;m sure you've seen National Treasure \nUser: I've seen National Treasure  (2004) and the sequel National Treasure: Book of Secrets (2007)\nSystem: I have not seen the 2nd one.\nSystem: The other nicholas gage movie i'd say is Gone in 60 Seconds  (2000) .\nUser: I'll try that one as well. Goodbye!\nSystem: goodbye!\n\n7. Click\nUrban Legend  (1998)\nFriday the 13th  (1980)\n\n8. Click\nMen in Black  (1997)\nIndependence Day: Resurgence (2016)\n\n9. Click\nThe Matrix (1999)\nDaybreakers (2009)\n\n10. Click\nDie Hard (1988)\nDiep (2005)\nTaken  (2008)\n\n11. Conversation\nSystem: WHAT KIND OF MOVIE DO YOU LIK E\nSystem: LIKE\nUser: Hi. Could you find me a vampire movie?\nSystem: Dracula  (1931)\nUser: Not Dracula 2000 (2000)\nUser: Sure the original is nice.\nSystem: Underworld  (2003) IS ANOTHER GOOD ONE\nUser: Gerard Butler was in Dracula 2000\nSystem: I DIDNT KNOW THAT\nUser: Yeah, underworld is alright. Didn't bother with the sequels, though.\nUser: Any killer movies?\nUser: Gerard plays Dracula\nSystem: Dusk to Dawn (1922) IS A GOOD ONE\nUser: I didnt know that was around in 1922, i just know the George Clooney one From Dusk till Dawn (1996)\nSystem: I DIDNT KNOW EITHER UNTIL JUST NOW LOL\nUser: Nice. I'll check those outs. Thanks!\nSystem: ANYTIME   GOODBYE\n\n12. Click\nJaws  (1975)\nHellboy  (2004)\n\n13. Conversation\nUser: Hi. I want a funny movie.\nSystem: Hi there, have you seen the classics like Groundhog Day  (1993) ?\nUser: I liked Encino Man (1992)\nUser: I like groundhog day! That is a good one. Ugly Bill Murray. Nice...\nSystem: Planes, Trains and Automobiles (1986) is another one\nUser: PT&amp;A is also the beez-knees. Great films.\nSystem: One of my favs is What About Bob%3F (1991)\nUser: What about The Jerk (1979) That one is pretty good, too!\nSystem: Oh yes!\nUser: wow..that movie came out in 1979\nSystem: I was 1 years old, wow\nUser: Now I kind of want action. Maybe something like The Mummy  (1999)\nSystem: The Terminator (1984) movies are never a disappointment\nUser: Thank you. I will try those films out.\nSystem: Great! nice chat, have a great day\n\n14. Conversation\nSystem: Hi, what type of movie are you interested in?\nUser: Can you recommend me some films along the lines of Lethal Weapon (1987)\nUser: Something action packed\nUser: I like Danny Glover films and I guess mel gibson films too\nSystem: Ok, what about The Last Boy Scout (1991)?\nUser: I've never hard of that one.\nSystem: Payback  (1999) was Mel Gibson as well\nUser: I need to see the last boyscout, i feel like i've never seen it. maybe I have, but I just cant remember.\nUser: I remember the adam sandler damon waynes film...cant remember the name though\nUser: Bulletproof  (1996) that was a WEIRD adam sandler film\nUser: it was like a comedy/action film...so bizarre.\nUser: i just found a new movie. The Last Boyscout\nSystem: One more, Ricochet  (1991)\nUser: How about Cop Out  (2010) with bruce willis and a pre-walmart-truck-collision-accident tracy morgan\nUser: I need to see ricochet too. I havent even heard of that.\nSystem: Oh no, never heard of that one. But 80-early 2000's action movies were really good\nUser: I'm going to check those out. Some of those werd interesting. Boyscout bruce willis still has some hair left.\nSystem: The ultimate is Cobra  (1991)\nUser: Yeah, cobra.\nUser: That looked hella 80s\nUser: that was 91\nSystem: That's funny about Bruce Willis\nSystem: I hope that you enjoy a few of those\nUser: thanks\nSystem: You're welcome, bye\n\n15. Click\nCasablanca  (1942)\n10 Things I Hate About You (1999)\n\n16. Click\nSuper Troopers (2001)\nAmerican Pie  (1999)\n2001: A Space Odyssey  (1968)\n\n17. Conversation\nSystem: Hello!\nUser: I'm looking for a action movie. Anything highly rated will do.\nSystem: What are you looking for today?\nUser: I like all action films like Die Hard (1988) and The Italian  (2005)\nSystem: Have you seen John Wick (2014)?\nUser: I haven't seen it, but I know there is a sequel. I should. I like that recommendation.\nUser: Any other movie of action genre I should watch?\nSystem: It's very good.\nSystem: It's brand new, but I highly recommend Black Panther (2018). It's really good!\nUser: That movie did really well opening weekend. I think I probably should see it.\nUser: IS John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017) any good?\nSystem: Yes, both are very good!\nSystem: I hope you have a great day! Bye!\nUser: What happened to the other guy from bill and ted? Probably bald...drunk at a bar somewhere. I'm gonna google him!\nUser: Alright, thanks for the recommendations! I will do those films.\n\n18. Click\nSeven  (1995)\nSplit (2017)\n10 Cloverfield Lane (2016)\n\n19. Click\nBeethoven  (1992)\nAll Dogs Go to Heaven 2 (1996)\nCats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore (2010)\n\n20. Conversation\nSystem: Hello!\nUser: Can you find me a movie about cops and crime?\nUser: A movie like Dragnet  (1987)\nSystem: Good one! Have you seen Fargo  (1996)? Old but great movie!\nUser: I have seen it. That movie was good.\nUser: I also like Con Air (1997)\nSystem: Dirty Harry (1971) might be something you like.\nUser: that's an old classic now\nUser: Anything slightly newer?\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user prefers action and adventure films, often with a strong sci-fi or futuristic setting. They enjoy movies with well-known actors and a mix of action and comedy. The user appreciates highly-rated and well-reviewed films, and they have a particular interest in movies from the 90s and early 2000s."}


{"initiatorWorkerId": 360, "conversationId": 6825, "target_movie": "Bicycle Thieves (1948)", "id": 4157, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Click\nPitch Perfect 3 (2017)\nThe Greatest Showman (2017)\nThe Wizard of Oz  (1939)\n\n2. Click\nWonder Woman  (2017)\nGuardians of the Galaxy  (2014)\n\n3. Conversation\nSystem: Hello what kind of movies do you like to watch\nUser: I like good comedies.\nSystem: Oh me too.  Have you seen A Bad Moms Christmas (2017) yet?\nUser: I did get to see that one.  It was funny but I liked the first one more so.\nSystem: yes I agree with that\nSystem: Another great movie that was really funny was Daddy's Home  (2015)\nUser: I did not see that one although I had wanted to just didn't get to.\nUser: I'll have to see it.\nSystem: Yes you really should and there is a 2nd one out now\nSystem: How about Ted 2 (2015) have you ever seen that one?\nUser: I have not see that one either.  I'll have to check it out.\nSystem: well if you are looking for older comedy Tommy Boy (1995) was a great movie\nUser: I never heard of that one.  I'll have to check it out too\nSystem: oh yes for sure that is a classic\nSystem: well I hope I was able to help have a great day bye\n\n4. Conversation\nUser: hi\nSystem: Hello!  What kind of movies are you looking for today?\nUser: I love comedies!  Love to laugh!\nSystem: Okay, great!  Have you seen Girls Trip (2017)?\nUser: I have not seen that!  I havent even heard of it but I will have to rent it.\nSystem: If you like British comedy, there's Death at a Funeral  (2010).\nUser: I've never really watched it but I'll check it out.\nSystem: Or there's Superbad  (2007).  I think there is a sequel to that one also, but I haven't seen the sequel.\nUser: I think I saw that one but now I can't recall.  I'll have to watch it again.\nSystem: Have you seen Wedding Crashers (2005)?  That one is pretty funny.\nUser: Yes I have seen that one.  It's a good one!\nSystem: Okay, I hope one of those works out for you!\nUser: thanks for the suggestions\n\n5. Conversation\nSystem: Hi, what type of movie are you looking for?\nUser: Hi! Any good suggestions for some good comedies?\nSystem: Sure!  Have you seen Night at the Museum (2006)?  I love that one.\nUser: I saw it but it's been a long time.  I don't recall most of it.  I'll have to watch it again.\nSystem: Or School of Rock (2003) is a good one if you like Jack Black.\nUser: I've seen that one its funny too\nSystem: How about Ted  (2012) or Ted 2 (2015)?\nUser: I have not see either of those.  I'll have to rent them\nSystem: Bridesmaids  (2011) is another funny one.\nUser: Yes I agree that's a good one\nSystem: Okay, I hope one of those will work for you!\nSystem: Have a great night!\nUser: you too thanks\n\n6. Conversation\nSystem: Hi there.\nUser: HI!  I need a good laugh.  Any good comedies to watch?\nSystem: Okay, have you seen Groundhog Day  (1993)?  It's an older one that's really good.\nUser: Believe it or not I have not seen that. lol the last one I saw in a theater was A Bad Moms Christmas (2017)\nSystem: Or how about Ghostbusters (1984), which is also a classic.\nUser: I did see that one and it was good.  I have not seen the newer Ghostbusters  (2016) .\nSystem: How about Four Weddings and a Funeral (1994)?\nUser: I did not see that one either.  I'll have to see if I can find it on Netflix.\nSystem: Yeah, you might find it there.\nUser: I'll look!\nSystem: Okay, do you want any more recommendations?\nUser: I think I'm good.  Thank you1\n\n7. Click\nPretty in Pink (1986)\nBack to the Future (1985)\n\n8. Click\nFast & Furious  (2009)\nMission: Impossible  (1996)\nMission: Impossible II (2000)\n\n9. Conversation\nSystem: Hi, are you interested in a movie\nSystem: What type of movie are you looking for?\nUser: HI ! Any recommendations for some good comedies?\nSystem: I liked The Big Sick (2017) ?\nUser: I saw A Bad Moms Christmas (2017) it was good but thefirst one Bad Moms (2016) was better.\nUser: I haven't seen that one.  I'll have to watch it soon.\nSystem: I always like classics like Groundhog Day  (1993) as well\nSystem: Okay, yes, I'd go for that one\nSystem: Hopefully I was of some help\nUser: I havent watched that one.  I&quot;ll have to see if it's on netflix.\n\n10. Conversation\nUser: HI!  Have you seen any good movies in the theater lately?  Looking to go see a good movie at the theater.\nUser: I saw A Bad Moms Christmas (2017) and it was good not as good as the first Bad Moms (2016)\nUser: I also saw The Greatest Showman (2017) twice and it was great\nSystem: Hi, sorry for the delay\nUser: It's ok\nSystem: I've seen The Greatest Showman and agree it's really good.  One moment while I find you a couple good movies.\nUser: ok thanks\nSystem: Are you wanting newer movies or do you like vintage as well?\nUser: either\nSystem: This Is Elvis (1981) was a good movie and really showed aspects of the man I never knew.  It kind of turned me into a fan.  His daughter and wife made brief appearances.\nUser: I've never heard of that one.  I'll have to see it.\nSystem: Another good one is The Wolf of Wall Street  (2013) it's a bit newer than This is Elvis.\nUser: I did not see that one but will add it to my must watch list.\nSystem: Great.  I need to fix dinner so I'll ttyl. Goodby\nUser: thanks\n\n11. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nSystem: what kind of movies are you looking for\nUser: HI! Know of any good action movies?\nSystem: Yeah for sure! I have a couple of suggestions\nSystem: Rush Hour  (1998)  is a great one, with a lot of comedy in it\nUser: Oh yes I agree that's a good one.\nSystem: Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation (2015)\nSystem: is another great one\nUser: Yes I do like all the Mission: Impossible II (2000) movies.\nSystem: You might also like Dracula Untold (2014)\nUser: I have not seen that one.  I'll have to watch it soon.\nSystem: Its a great movie, and not really what you expect of a Dracula theme movie\nSystem: its one of my favorites\nSystem: its one of my favorites\nUser: Ya from the title I would not guess it's a action movie.\nSystem: you might also like The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey (2012)\nUser: I know a lot of people liked that movie.  I have not seen it but will watch it soon.\nSystem: You definetely should!\nSystem: You definetely should!\nUser: Thanks for all the suggestions.\nSystem: has a great plot and if you like it then therers 2 more sequels you can also watch\nSystem: no problme\nSystem: thank you\n\n12. Conversation\nSystem: Hi there how can I help you\nUser: HI!  Know of any good action movies?\nUser: HI!  Know of any good action movies?\nSystem: yes of course\nSystem: yes of course\nSystem: Have you seen Predator  (1987)\nUser: I have not seen that one but will have to.\nUser: I have not seen that one but will have to.\nUser: I have not seen that one but will have to.\nUser: I have not seen that one but will have to.\nUser: I have not seen that one but will have to.\nUser: I have not seen that one but will have to.\nSystem: Its like Commando  (1985) but with aliens\nUser: l also like stuff like Men in Black  (1997) those all were funny and good.\nSystem: Closes thing I can compare it to is Aliens  (1986)\nUser: I have not seen either of those but will have to rent them.\nSystem: If you like that you should look into 21 Jump Street  (2012)\nUser: I have not seen that but will check it out too.\nSystem: Sounds like you have of movies to check out.\nUser: Yes thank you for the suggestions.\n\n13. Conversation\nSystem: Hi how can I help you find a movie\nUser: HI!  I'm in the mood for some old school movies.  Any recommendations for any good ones before 2000?\nSystem: You're talking to just the guy\nSystem: any preference on genre\nSystem: or just the best movies I can think of\nSystem: Unforgiven (1992) is really good\nUser: Best you can think of.\nUser: I never heard of that one.  I'll have to check it out.\nSystem: Dr. Strangelove (1964) is hilarious\nUser: I've never heard of that one either.  I'll add it to my list.\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user prefers comedies, with a particular interest in both modern and classic films. They enjoy a mix of light-hearted humor and older, well-regarded movies. While their primary focus is on comedy, they also show an interest in classic films, indicating a willingness to explore different genres and eras of cinema."}


{"initiatorWorkerId": 365, "conversationId": 8096, "target_movie": "Get Out (2017)", "id": 4367, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Conversation\nUser: Hello how are you? can you please help me find a good horror movie?\nSystem: Yes, of course.\nSystem: Could you help me out a little though by giving me the name of 2 movies that you like.  THat really helps.\nUser: I love It (1990) I didn't care for the new one and The Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nUser: I'm not a fan of the Alien  (1979) movies\nSystem: Have you seen The Last Horror Movie (2003) movie yet.  It was pretty good.\nUser: I have not but I will check it out.\nSystem: Oh, and a good new movie is Mother! (2017) It stars Jennifer Lawrence.  But it is a very chilling movie.\nUser: I will check it out for sure, the scarier the better!\nSystem: Okay great.  But you may have night mares.  LOL.  Okay ttyl, goodbye\nUser: lol thank you, goodbye\n\n2. Conversation\nSystem: Hello. What's your movie taste?\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a comedy, maybe something with Sandra Bullock.\nSystem: Have you seen The Proposal  (2009) ?\nUser: I have, I love it\nSystem: Miss Congeniality  (2000) is funny also.\nUser: it was great!\nSystem: I think the funniest movie is Bad Santa (2003) , but it's a little more hard-hitting.\nUser: I haven't seen that one, I'll check it out.\nSystem: Another great comedy is Groundhog Day  (1993)  with Bill Murray.\nUser: Oh I loved that one!\nSystem: Have fun with the suggestion. Bye.\nUser: Thanks you. Goodbye\n\n3. Conversation\nUser: hello can you please help me find a comedy movie?\nSystem: hi ya\nUser: I love Charlie Sheen\nSystem: old school Platoon  (1986)\nUser: that was a great one!\nSystem: Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) one of my favvorites noever gets old\nUser: total classic! I love it\nSystem: u need 2 more huh\nSystem: i cant add certain ones\nUser: I love Hot Shots! (1991) it was so funny\nSystem: one moment\nSystem: Scary Movie 3 (2003)\nUser: I've actually never watched it, but I will check it out\nSystem: yes you should\nSystem: getting you one more\nUser: great!\nSystem: Foodfight! (2012) he played an animated character\nUser: oh awesome! I didn't know about this one! I'll add to my list.\nSystem: yes thanks for your help\nUser: thank you for all of your help\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: goodbye\n\n4. Conversation\nUser: hello\nSystem: hel, how can I help?\nSystem: sorry hello...\nUser: I am looking for romance movies\nSystem: what have you liked?\nUser: anything with Julia Roberts, or anything from Nicolas Sparks\nSystem: The Shape of Water  (2017) looks good\nSystem: did you like The Notebook (2013) ?\nUser: I'll have to check it out\nUser: I loved it!\nSystem: The Choice  (2015) is his most recent\nUser: I have not seen it but I want too\nSystem: how about Eat Pray Love (2010) ?\nUser: That was a great movie, I really enjoyed it\nUser: Do you have a favorite romantic movie?\nSystem: The Big Sick (2017) was the best I have seen recently, but its a little different than the others I suggested\nUser: I will check it out, I love seeing new movies\nSystem: cool, have fun on V-day\nUser: you too\nUser: goodbye. and thank you\n\n5. Click\nFifty Shades of Grey  (2015)\n\n6. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nUser: Hello\nSystem: What's your taste in movies?\nUser: I am looking for a scary movie\nSystem: Have you seen The Ring  (2002) ?\nSystem: The Babadook (2014) was actually very scary also.\nUser: I have not seen either of those actually\nSystem: Which ones did you see and like?\nUser: I love The Silence of the Lambs  (1991) and Hannibal  (2001)\nSystem: Those are great.\nSystem: I hope you like my suggestions.\nSystem: Have a good evening.\nUser: thanks you for your help\nUser: goodbye\n\n7. Click\nFifty Shades of Grey  (2015)\nThe Notebook (2013)\n\n8. Conversation\nUser: Hello\nSystem: Hello\nUser: I am looking for something scary\nSystem: I'm here to help you with a movie recommendation if you would like.\nSystem: Oh great!!  I love scary movies'\nUser: awesome!\nSystem: Would you like an older movie like Rosemary's Baby  (1968) or The Shining  (1980)\nUser: yes, I love the older one's\nSystem: I have to say, The Shining has to be my all time favorites.  All though there's a new one called Mother! (2017) that is especially chilling\nUser: I haven't seen that one\nUser: I loved The Silence of the Lambs  (1991) and Hannibal  (2001)\nSystem: And another new one is 1922  It looks like it's going to be awesome\nSystem: Yes, those were good too\nSystem: So are you good with any of those?\nUser: I've never seen that one\nUser: yes, thank you for all your help\nUser: goodbye, I hope you have a great day.\nSystem: No problem. Have a good day.  Goodbye\n\n9. Conversation\nUser: Hello how are you\nUser: I am looking for a horror movie\nSystem: Hello, I'm good and you. Ok, what about It  (2017)\nUser: It was really good but not as good as the original It (1990)\nSystem: I agree. There is also the movie Get Out (2017)\nUser: I haven't seen that one\nUser: I look into it\nUser: I loved The Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nSystem: It's creepy, I liked it. Um, how about Annabelle: Creation (2017)?\nUser: I can't wait to see that one\nSystem: Yes I liked The Silence of the Lambs (1991).\nSystem: We kind of seem to like the same type of movies. One more suggestion would be It Comes at Night (2017).\nUser: was it good?\nUser: I'll check it out\nSystem: Yes I liked it. Ok hope I helped.\nUser: goodbye :)\n\n10. Click\nThe Heat  (2013)\n\n11. Conversation\nSystem: hello\nUser: hello\nSystem: can you recommend some dramas\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: How about Happy Gilmore (1996) ?\nSystem: or maybe As Good as It Gets (1997) ?\nUser: I loved both of those\nUser: they were great\nUser: I prefer the older ones\nSystem: Sixteen Candles (1984) and The Breakfast Club (1985) are great classic comedies too!\nSystem: How old are you looking for?\nUser: those are two of my favorites1\nSystem: I like the John Hughes movies.\nUser: me too\nSystem: Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) was a good one from around that time.\nUser: haha I think you named all of my favorites!\nSystem: Well, that should get you started on movies to catch up on.\nUser: for sure\nUser: thanks for all of your help\nSystem: Good luck. Bye now.\nUser: have a good day\n\n12. Conversation\nSystem: Hey,\nSystem: What ya want to watch today?\nUser: hello\nUser: I would like a comedy please\nSystem: Have you seen the new Ghostbusters  (2016) or Jumanji  (2017) ?\nSystem: Bridesmaids  (2011) wasgood\nUser: I loved all of those!!\nSystem: Also Shaun of the Dead (2004) always gives me a chuckle\nUser: I haven't seen that one\nUser: I'll add that my list.\nUser: what's your favorite?\nSystem: It's Simon Pegg and Nick Frost funny\nSystem: My favorite was Hot Fuzz (2007)\nSystem: Same two guys\nUser: I loved the The Original Kings of Comedy (2000)\nSystem: That was a great one\nUser: I will check that out also\nSystem: Well I hope that helps have a nice day.\nUser: thank you\nUser: goodbye\n\n13. Conversation\nUser: hello, how are you?\nUser: I am looking for a romance/drama\nSystem: Ok, this is a great category.\nUser: I love older movies so it doesn't have to be new movies :)\nSystem: How about Call Me by Your Name  (2017)\nSystem: Also, How to Be Single (2016)?\nUser: I don't know those\nUser: I will check them out\nSystem: I think you might know My Big Fat Greek Wedding (2002).\nUser: I loved that one\nSystem: I liked the other movies I mentioned, so you should too. There is one last one I think you will like; Two Night Stand (2014).\nUser: I will check it out, I've never seen that one\nSystem: Ok, do you need more suggestions?\nUser: I think I'm good, thanks for all your help\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: Welcome, good bye.\n\n14. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for a romance\nSystem: Would you like a funny one or a drama?\nSystem: Sweet Home Alabama  (2002) is a good funny one and Far from Home  (1989) is a good drama\nUser: funny\nUser: I love both of those, they were great\nSystem: Have you seen Just Go with It (2011)\nSystem: or Trainwreck  (2015)\nUser: yes, I've seen both of those\nSystem: If you want something a bit silly What's Your Number%3F (2011)\nUser: They were great\nUser: I'll have to check that out\nSystem: ok, it's a funny one.\nSystem: would you like to know any more options?\nUser: I think this gives me plenty of choices\nUser: thank you for your help\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: bye\n\n15. Conversation\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Hello, have you ever seen Bill Murray's Groundhog Day  (1993), it's a classic comedy\nUser: yes, its great\nSystem: Airplane! (1980) and Airplane II: The Sequel (1982) were good for a laugh as well\nUser: I loved those!\nSystem: Want something newer there is always Shaun of the Dead (2004)\nSystem: Or Absolutely Anything (2015)\nUser: I haven't seen those\nSystem: Both Simon Pegg films, they're good for a laugh\nUser: I will check those out for sure\nSystem: Hope that helps, enjoy and have a good day, bye\nUser: thank you for your help\nUser: goodbye\n\n16. Click\nThe Heat  (2013)\n\n17. Conversation\nUser: hello, I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Hello, how about Going in Style  (2017)?\nUser: I haven't seen that one\nSystem: I liked it. Waht about Deadpool  (2016)?\nUser: I loved that one\nSystem: Did you ever see Ghostbusters  (2016)?\nUser: yes, it was good but not as good as the original\nSystem: I agree with you. I also think you will like Keeping Up with the Joneses  (2016); I liked it.\nUser: I haven't seen that one, I'll check it out\nSystem: Ok, well I hope I was able to help you.\nUser: you were a big help\nUser: thank you\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: Good bye\n\n18. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nUser: hello, I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Have you seen Adam Sandlers The Ridiculous 6 (2015), or The Cobbler  (2014), those are funny\nUser: I have not seen those\nUser: I will check them out\nSystem: I enjoyed the new Jumanji  (2017), even though it will never beat Robin Williams' Jumanji (1995)\nUser: you are right about that, they new one was good but can't beat the classic\nSystem: Also if you enjoy Simon Pegg, who did Shaun of the Dead (2004), then Absolutely Anything (2015) would be a good oone for you\nSystem: Yeah classics are rarely outshone by the new upstart remakes, lol\nUser: for sure, I always love the originals more\nUser: I will check that out as well.\nSystem: Well hope those give you a good starting point, have a good day\nUser: thanks for all your help\nUser: goodbye\n\n19. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for drama please\nSystem: Sure, any specific type?\nUser: I love older movies\nSystem: Ok, sure. Have you seen The Shawshank Redemption (1994)\nUser: yes, I love it!\nSystem: ok, how about a classic like Casablanca  (1942)\nUser: that was the best.\nUser: can't beat the classics\nSystem: have you seen Fight Club (1999)\nUser: yes! I love it also, one of my favorites\nSystem: I like it as well.\nSystem: How about Zodiac  (2007)\nUser: I have not seen that one, was it good?\nSystem: it is. it takes place in the 1970s. lots of good actors in it. it's about the hunt for a serial killer\nUser: I will check it out next\nSystem: great\nSystem: have a great day\nUser: you too\n\n20. Conversation\nSystem: hi\nUser: hello\nUser: how are you\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: I'm good, thanks!\nSystem: is there a type of comedy you really like?\nUser: adult humor, nothing kidish\nSystem: ok, I really like Pineapple Express  (2008)\nUser: me too\nSystem: great, how about Trainwreck  (2015)\nUser: I haven't not seen that one\nSystem: it's good. Girls Trip (2017) is another funny one from last year.\nUser: I liked that one it was good\nUser: I loved The Original Kings of Comedy (2000)\nSystem: Yes! that is a good one\nSystem: I love anything with Burnie Mac\nSystem: He is good in Ocean's Eleven (2001)\nUser: me too\nUser: I like that one as well\nSystem: great. would you like some other suggestions?\nUser: thanks for all the help, I'm good.\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: bye\n\n21. Click\nHope Floats (1998)\n\n22. Conversation\nSystem: Hi.\nUser: hello\nSystem: What kind of movies do you like?\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Sure.  Do you have any examples of movies you have liked?\nUser: I like The Heat  (2013)\nSystem: You might like The Other Guys (2010) .  Have you seen that?\nUser: I also like The Original Kings of Comedy (2000)\nUser: I have not seen that one\nSystem: You also might enjoy Rush Hour  (1998)\nUser: I did enjoy that one!\nSystem: Let's Be Cops (2014) is really funny too.\nUser: I haven't seen that one\nSystem: It's funny they dress up like cops for halloween and decide they want to do it all the time.\nSystem: It's starring Jake Johnson and Damon Wayans Jr.\nUser: I will check it out\nUser: sounds good\nSystem: Hope you enjoy it\nSystem: Have a good day!\nUser: thanks for all your help\nUser: goodbye\n\n23. Click\nThe Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nHannibal  (2001)\n\n24. Conversation\nSystem: Hi.\nUser: hello\nSystem: What kind of movies do you enjoy watching?\nUser: I am looking for a comedy please\nSystem: Ok Great.\nSystem: Are you looking for a newer movie?\nUser: I love The Heat  (2013)\nUser: I love the older movies the most\nSystem: Have you seen Identity Theft  (2004) ?\nUser: no i haven't seen that one I will check it out\nSystem: You might also like Let's Be Cops (2014) or Cop Out  (2010)\nUser: I will check those out, I've never seen either one\nSystem: They're pretty funny.\nUser: The Original Kings of Comedy (2000) was great too\nSystem: Have you seen Guess Who  (2005) ?\nUser: yes, it was super funny\nUser: I think I have plenty to add to my list, thanks for your help\nSystem: You're welcome\nSystem: Have a great day, bye.\nUser: have a good day\nUser: bye\n\n25. Conversation\nUser: hello\nSystem: What's up\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Get Out (2017) is good\nSystem: Baby Driver  (2017) is good too\nUser: I haven't seen those\nSystem: Both were good\nUser: I'll check those out\nUser: I really like The Heat  (2013)\nSystem: OK, hope you like them\nSystem: Haven't seen that one\nUser: I love that one\nSystem: Might have to check that one out.\nUser: it has sandra bullock and mellisa mccarthy\nSystem: Ok, both are good at comedy\nSystem: Any other suggestions?\nSystem: Ok, goodbye\nSystem: Are you still there?\nUser: yes I am here\nUser: sorry computer crashed\nSystem: No problem\nSystem: Any other suggestions\nUser: yes I also really liked My Baby's Daddy (2004) it was so funny\nSystem: yup liked that one too\nUser: it was nice chatting with you\nSystem: Yep, see ya later\n\n26. Click\nThe Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nHannibal  (2001)\n\n27. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nUser: Hello\nUser: I am looking for an 80's or 90's comedy\nUser: please\nSystem: Ever seen Groundhog Day  (1993), with Bill Murray?\nUser: I love it!\nSystem: Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986), was pretty funny\nUser: I also loved Airplane! (1980)  and Airplane II: The Sequel (1982)\nUser: yes it was!\nSystem: Those were great\nSystem: Ever see Caddyshack (1980) or Caddyshack II (1988)\nUser: I think one of my favorites was Hot Shots! (1991)\nUser: yes I have, I loved it\nSystem: All great movies\nUser: I think so too\nSystem: Coming to America (1988) with Eddie Murphay was funny too\nUser: that was a great one, I forgot about it though, its time to add that one back to my movie list.\nUser: Thanks for the reminder\nSystem: You're welcome, have a good day\nUser: you too\n\n28. Click\nHope Floats (1998)\n\n29. Conversation\nUser: Hello, I am looking for a horror film please\nSystem: Okay. Did you see the The Exorcist  (1973) ? What movie or movies will you be seeing this weekend?\nUser: I'm think of staying in and watching some older movies\nSystem: You might like the The Sixth Sense (1999)  too.\nUser: I did like that one\nSystem: If you a Stephen King fan, try Pet Sematary  (1989) .\nUser: I am a huge fan! but I've missed that one somehow\nSystem: Did you see The Shining  (1980)  That was good if you like psychological horror.\nUser: I did I loved it, I also really liked The Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nSystem: If you like old  horror movies then try An American Werewolf in London (1981) .\nSystem: For a movie that is more up to date try Get Out (2017) .\nUser: I will check those out thank you for all of your help\nSystem: A sick twisted movie was To Serve Man - Twilight Zone (1962) . That was great!\nUser: I've never seen that one\nUser: Thanks again, I hope you have a great day\nUser: goodbye :)\n\n30. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nSystem: tell me a movie you like or a genre you are interested in?\nSystem: If you like romance\nSystem: Pride & Prejudice  (2005)\nUser: I love romance\nSystem: Irreplaceable  (2016)\nUser: Romance is a great choice\nSystem: Cool\nSystem: If you like stuff before 2000, Sleepless in Seattle (1993) is a classic\nUser: I loved that one!\nSystem: How about Serendipity  (2001) have you seen that?\nUser: I love that one too\nUser: it was great\nSystem: Well then you would also like Ever After (1998)\nUser: I've never seen that one\nUser: I'll check it out next\nSystem: A Kinda cheesy CInderella story but well done.\nUser: I will check it out for sure\nSystem: For more modern movies Titanic  (1997)  is good for some but was not my fave\nSystem: Well hope you enjoy these\nUser: it was okay, but I swear he could have gotten on that wood with her lol\nSystem: LOL my thought exactly\nUser: thank you, have a great day\nSystem: Ok\n\n31. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nUser: hello\nSystem: What kind of film are you looking for today?\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Have you seen Absolutely Anything (2015) it was funny\nUser: no, I haven't\nSystem: It's got Simon Pegg in it and we got a few chuckles out of it\nUser: I will check it out next\nSystem: How about The House  (2017)\nSystem: Will Farrell gives his usual performance\nUser: I haven't seen that one yet\nSystem: How about Downsizing  (2017) with Matt Damon?\nUser: I have no seen it\nSystem: A little dark comedy but not too bad and it made my hubby laugh\nUser: good?\nSystem: Yeah it was okay\nSystem: How about Jumanji  (2017), not as good as the first, in my opinion, but good for a few laughs\nUser: it was not as good but pretty good\nSystem: Going in Style  (2017) was a pretty good remake\nUser: I will have to check it out, I didn't even know there was a remake\nUser: thank you for all of your help\nUser: have a great day\nSystem: YOu too\n\n32. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for an adult comedy\nSystem: Okay, let me see what I can suggest. One minute please.\nUser: ok\nSystem: What Step Brothers  (2008) or 21 Jump Street  (2012)? I have not seen these, but have heard good things about both of them.\nUser: I liked both of those\nSystem: There is also Role Models (2008) and Deadpool  (2016). I saw these and liked them. What do you think?\nUser: I have not seen either one\nSystem: Do you think you like the suggestions?\nUser: yes i love them\nSystem: Will that be all the help you need today?\nUser: yes thank you for your help\nSystem: Ok. Good bye.\n\n33. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Okay, have you seen Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates (2016)?\nUser: no I have not sounds funny though\nSystem: It is comical, not the type of dates you want to take to a wedding, for sure. Lol.\nUser: lol I bet\nSystem: What about Girls Trip (2017)? Or Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa (2013)?\nUser: haha those were great\nSystem: If you liked them, you probably liked Deadpool  (2016)?\nUser: yes I did it was great\nSystem: I agree. Can I help with any other suggestion?\nUser: No I think that's great thank you\nUser: have a great day\nSystem: You too. Good bye.\n\n34. Conversation\nUser: hello\nSystem: Hey\nUser: I am looking for a comedy from the 70's-90's\nSystem: sure.\nSystem: Have you seen Blazing Saddles (1974) ?\nUser: I did! it was great\nSystem: Ok if you liked that one you may like Young Frankenstein (1974) .\nSystem: That one is also a Mel Brooks movie with Gene Wilder.\nUser: I've never seen that one\nSystem: You will like it!\nSystem: Spaceballs (1987) is also really funny if you haven't seen it.\nUser: that was super funny\nUser: I also loved Airplane! (1980) and Airplane II: The Sequel (1982)\nSystem: Oh those are really funny.\nSystem: Have you seen Ghostbusters (1984) ?\nUser: yes it was the best, I didn't care for the remake at all\nSystem: I liked it if you think of it as a separate movie, but the first one is the best.\nSystem: You may also like Groundhog Day  (1993)\nUser: I did, it feels like you are reading my playlist haha\nSystem: Haha.\nSystem: Glad I'm able to give you suggestions in the right area.\nUser: thanks for all of your help, I hope you have a great day\nSystem: You too. Bye!\n\n35. Click\nAirplane! (1980)\nAirplane II: The Sequel (1982)\n\n36. Conversation\nSystem: Hi, how are you?\nUser: hello, I'm great, and you?\nUser: I am looking for nicolas sparks movies\nSystem: How about The Last Song  or  The Notebook (2004)? Both great movies.\nUser: I loved those!\nSystem: There is also The Best of Me  (2014) or The Choice  (2016). I haven't seen them, but heard good things about the two.\nUser: they were both amazing\nSystem: Did you see Dear John  (2010) or Safe Haven  (2013)? I liked these.\nUser: those were really good, two of my favorites actually\nSystem: I don't think there is a nicholas sparks movie you have not seen Lol.\nUser: haha I was hoping to find one\nUser: he's my favorite\nSystem: I will try one more.\nUser: awesome\nSystem: Warm Bodies  (2013)?\nUser: I have not seen that one\nSystem: I haven't either, but it was one I never heard of. Hopefully you will check it out?\nUser: for sure\nUser: thanks for the help\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: Okay, welcome. Glad I could help. Good bye.\n\n37. Conversation\nUser: hello\nSystem: HI what kind of movie do you want to see ?\nUser: horror please\nSystem: What kind of horror ? Gory like A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), more psychological like The Exorcist  (1973) ?\nUser: I love the psychological ones the most\nSystem: I would recommend Gerald's Game  (2017) and The Babadook (2014) , also Mother! (2017)\nUser: I have not seen any of those!\nSystem: Alien  (1979) also is psychological, but with sci-fi\nUser: it was super creepy\nUser: I had nightmare the first time I watched it\nUser: it was great lol\nSystem: It  (2017) could be also and horror film with creepy clown\nUser: it was okay, but the original It (1990) was better\nSystem: Sorry, I only saw the previews\nSystem: Do you want anymore recommandations ?\nUser: no I think I'm good\nUser: thank you for the help\nUser: goodbye\nSystem: have a good day,bye\n\n38. Conversation\nUser: hello\nSystem: Good morning.  How are you?\nUser: great and you\nUser: ?\nSystem: I'm very good.  Thankyou.\nUser: I am looking for a family movie\nSystem: I'm here to help you with some movies if you would like for me to do that.\nSystem: Okay great.  Can you give me two that you have enjoyed previously so I can have something to go by?\nUser: I loved Beauty and the Beast  (1992) and Zootopia\nSystem: Oh yes.  Such good movies!!\nSystem: Oh yes.  Such good movies!!\nUser: I have  a two year old so animated would be great\nSystem: Have you seen The Secret Life of Pets (2016)  yet?\nSystem: I have a 2 year old also and he loves that one.\nSystem: Big Hero 6  (2014) is also good for little onees.\nUser: I have not seen either of those yet\nSystem: Oh I bet your little one will like them.  Are you happy with the recommendations?\nUser: yes I am happy, thank you for your help\nUser: have a great day\nSystem: Okay great.  Goodbye.\n\n39. Conversation\nUser: hello\nUser: how are you?\nSystem: Hi.  I'm here to help you find a good movie if you would like.\nUser: I am looking for an 80's or 90's comedy please\nSystem: Oh great.  Could you give me two shows you have seen that you enjoyed to help me pick one tailored to your needs.\nUser: I loved Airplane! (1980) and Airplane II: The Sequel (1982)\nUser: I liked Hot Shots! (1991) and Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)\nSystem: I seen those both when they first came out.  They were hilarious!!\nSystem: I seen those both when they first came out.  They were hilarious!!  \r\nOne\nSystem: I seen those both when they first came out.  They were hilarious!!  \r\nOne\nSystem: I seen those both when they first came out.  They were hilarious!!  \r\nOne\nSystem: I seen those both when they first came out.  They were hilarious!!  \r\nOne\nUser: those are my favorites\nSystem: Have you seen Blazing Saddles (1974) yet.  It is a bit older than you asked but it was very funny.\nUser: I did see that one! super funny\nUser: I love the older movies\nSystem: Other hilarious one was Young Frankenstein (1974) it's also a bit older but I laughed so  hard at it.'\nUser: oh that was great! I loved it also\nSystem: I do too.  Nothing like the classics.\nSystem: Would you like one more movie then or are you happy with these?\nUser: I am pretty happy with these\nUser: thanks you so much\nUser: have a great day\nSystem: Okay great.  I'm glad I could help..Goodbye\n\n40. Click\nHot Shots! (1991)\nHot Shots! Part Deux (1993)\n\n41. Click\nDown Periscope (1996)\nThe Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear (1991)\n\n42. Conversation\nUser: hello how are you?\nSystem: Hi, what kind of movie are you interested in?\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Have you seen Rush Hour  (1998)?\nUser: I have, that was super funny\nSystem: Have about Hot Fuzz (2007)?\nUser: no never seen that one\nSystem: Absolutely hilarious.\nSystem: If you liked Rush Hour I think you'd like it.\nSystem: How about Mr. & Mrs. Smith  (2005)?\nUser: I have seen that one, it was really good\nSystem: What about Get Smart  (2008)?\nUser: I've never seen that one either\nSystem: Also good.\nSystem: Have I given you enough suggestions?\nSystem: Or would you like me to suggest more?\nUser: can I have one more please\nSystem: Have you seen Kingsman: The Secret Service (2014)? Very good as well.\nUser: I have not, I will check into it\nUser: thanks for your help\nSystem: Great!\nSystem: No problem. Have a great day.\n\n43. Click\nThe Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\n\n44. Conversation\nSystem: Hi there\nSystem: What types of movies do you like?\nUser: horror please\nSystem: Have you seen Cabin Fever  (2000) ?\nUser: no I have not\nSystem: would you like to?\nSystem: it's pretty scary\nUser: yes it sounds good, I'll check it out\nUser: I loved The Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nSystem: I've never seen that, maybe i'll check it out!\nSystem: Have you seen House of Wax  (2005) ?\nUser: yes! super creepy\nSystem: I agree!\nUser: I love creepy movies\nSystem: me too, they keep my interest\nUser: same\nSystem: I loved the Saw  (2004) movies too\nUser: oh, me too! those were great\nSystem: I hope I helped you :)\nUser: yes you did\nUser: thanks so much\nUser: have a great day\nSystem: You helped me too. you're welcome. have a good day! bye\n\n45. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for a comedy\nSystem: Sure.\nSystem: I love comedies.\nUser: awesome\nSystem: Have you ever seen Friday  (1995) ?\nUser: yes and Next Friday (2000)\nUser: they were great\nSystem: Great movies.  Very funny!\nSystem: What about Wayne's World  (1992) and Wayne's World 2 (1993) ?\nUser: those were the best, not! haha not I loved them\nSystem: lol\nSystem: You might also like Tommy Boy (1995) .\nUser: I did like that one, super funny\nSystem: Chris Farley was so funny.\nSystem: Did you ever see Black Sheep  (1996) ?\nUser: no I did not see that one\nUser: was it good?\nSystem: That one is funny too.\nSystem: That's also a Chris Farley movie.\nSystem: You would like it!\nUser: I will check it out\nSystem: Great.  I hope I helped you find a movie to watch.\nUser: yes you did\nUser: thank you so much have a great dy\nUser: day*\nSystem: You're welcome. Have a great day. Bye.\n\n46. Click\nHot Shots! (1991)\nHot Shots! Part Deux (1993)\nAirplane II: The Sequel (1982)\n\n47. Click\nHot Shots! (1991)\n\n48. Click\n50 First Dates (2004)\n\n49. Conversation\nSystem: Hellol\nUser: hey there\nSystem: What kind of movies do you like?\nUser: I am looking for a horror film\nUser: like The Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nSystem: That's a good one.\nSystem: Have you seen Red Dragon  (2002) Hannibal  (2001) or Hannibal Rising  (2007) ?\nUser: yes, I've seen them all. I loved them\nSystem: Me too\nSystem: I like Anthony Hopkins.\nUser: me too! he is one of my favorite actors\nSystem: Have you seen The Rite  (2011) ?\nSystem: That one also has Anthony Hopkins.\nUser: I haven't seen that one yet\nSystem: It deals with exorcism.  I bet you would like it.\nSystem: It's creepy.\nUser: I will check it out for sure\nUser: thank you for all of your help\nSystem: You're welcome\nUser: Have a great day\nSystem: Have a great day!\n\n50. Conversation\nUser: hello\nUser: I am looking for a comedy please\nUser: I really like Hot Shots! (1991) and Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)\nSystem: Sure\nSystem: I love those movies.\nUser: awesome!\nSystem: Have you seen Airplane! (1980) ?\nUser: yes and Airplane II: The Sequel (1982) I loves them!\nSystem: You might also like Down Periscope (1996) .\nUser: I do love that one as well1\nSystem: Great.\nSystem: Have you seen Major League  (1989) or Major League II (1994)\nUser: I've only seen the first one\nUser: was the second one any good?\nSystem: I liked it.\nSystem: If you liked the first one you should like the second one.\nUser: I'll check it out next\nUser: thanks for your help\nSystem: Great.  Hope I helped.\nUser: have a good one\nSystem: Have a great day.\nSystem: Bye.\n\n51. Conversation\nSystem: Hey! How are you? Is there any funny movies you would suggest?\nUser: I loved Airplane! (1980) and Airplane II: The Sequel (1982)\nUser: do you have any favorites?\nSystem: those are good! i love Clueless  (1995) my all time favorite\nUser: OH I love that one too\nUser: I also loved Hot Shots! (1991) and Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)\nSystem: Yes! i still watch from time to time and know all the words haha and yes thats also a good one\nUser: me too!\nUser: I also really like Down Periscope (1996)\nUser: I laughed like crazy at that one\nSystem: yes that was a very funny one! i laughed so hard my belly hurt, i loved Daddy's Home  (2015)\nUser: me too!\nSystem: havnt seen Daddy's Home 2 (2017)  yet tho. have you\nUser: not yet\nUser: hopefully soon though\nUser: thank you for all of your help today\nUser: have a good one\nSystem: thank you! you as well!\n\n52. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nUser: hi there.\nUser: I am looking for a horror movie please\nSystem: What kind of movies do you like?\nSystem: Sure.\nSystem: I love horror movies.\nSystem: What's your favorite one?  Maybe that'll help me find the kind you would like.\nUser: The Silence of the Lambs  (1991) is my favorite\nSystem: That's a great movie.\nSystem: Have you seen Happy Death Day  (2017) ?  It just came out on DVD.\nUser: I have not seen that one yet. any good?\nSystem: It's pretty good.\nSystem: You might also like Sinister  (2012) .\nSystem: It has Ethan Hawke.\nUser: oh, I will have to check that one out\nSystem: It's creepy.\nSystem: You might also like Seven  (1995) .\nUser: I like creepy\nUser: I did love that one\nSystem: Great acting in that film.\nSystem: I hope I helped you find a movie you'll like.\nUser: you did thank you so much\n\n53. Click\nThe Silence of the Lambs  (1991)\nAlien  (1979)\n\n54. Conversation\nSystem: Hey! How are you? Is there any funny movies you would suggest?\nUser: I'm great and you?\nUser: and I loved Down Periscope (1996)\nUser: how about you/\nUser: ?\nSystem: im good thank you\nSystem: i havent seen that one. i liked Girls Trip (2017)\nUser: I loved that one!\nUser: I also really liked Caddyshack (1980)\nSystem: thats another good one! i liked Daddy's Home  (2015) i havent seen Daddy's Home 2 (2017)  yet have you?\nUser: no, I haven't I want to see it soon\nSystem: we will both have to check that one out.\nSystem: thanks for your help! have a great day!\nUser: for sure\nUser: I hope you have a great day!\n\n55. Conversation\nUser: hey there\nSystem: Hey! How are you\nUser: great, and you?\nSystem: Im good thank you for asking!\nUser: I am looking for a horror movie please, something creepy like Annabelle 2 (2017)\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user has a preference for psychologically complex and socially relevant movies, particularly in horror with a psychological twist and in comedy with adult-oriented, satirical tones. They enjoy classics in both genres but are open to contemporary and unsettling content that incorporates deeper thematic elements."}


{"initiatorWorkerId": 1074, "conversationId": 22421, "target_movie": "Mama  (2013)", "id": 10628, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nUser: hello\nSystem: How are you?\nSystem: What kind of movies are you looking for?\nUser: fine and you\nSystem: Fine, thanks\nUser: what tipe of movie do you like watc\nUser: have you heard about Clip  (2012)\nUser: or you prefer more like horror and those things\nSystem: I love comedy movies\nSystem: I love comedy movies\nSystem: I love comedy movies\nSystem: I love comedy movies\nSystem: I love comedy movies\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nSystem: yes, it's good\nUser: watch Deadpool  (2016) is so funny\nSystem: Up  (2009) is very good too\nUser: and Scary Movie \nSystem: also you can watch Big  (1988)\nSystem: it's very funny\nSystem: have a nice day my friend\n\n2. Click\nIt  (2017)\nThe Purge \nScary Movie \n\n3. Click\nIt  (2017)\n\n4. Click\nIt  (2017)\nMama  (2013)\n\n5. Conversation\nSystem: Hey, how's it going?\nUser: hello\nUser: how are you\nUser: how are you\nSystem: I'm good thanks what type of movie are you looking for?\nUser: to my like movies of horror how It  (2017) or Mama  (2013)\nUser: can you help me\nUser: please\nUser: say yes\nSystem: Oh those are good Movies have you seen the original It (1990) . It has the whole story in one movie.\nUser: a need a movies what i dead of horror\nUser: i look thas movie is soy good\nSystem: But also If you like horror The Forest  (2016) is a really good one too.\nUser: more please\nUser: thanks have a great nigth\nUser: good bye\nSystem: you too thanks, good bye.\nSystem: You too thanks, good bye.\nUser: good bye\n\n6. Click\nIt  (2017)\nMama  (2013)\n\n7. Click\nIt  (2017)\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user prefers movies that are intense and scary, especially those that lean towards psychological and supernatural horror. They areInterested in films with chilling and suspenseful atmospheres, often within the horror genre, with a particular liking for movies that have a strong grip on the viewer's emotions and can maintain a terrifying experience throughout."}


{"initiatorWorkerId": 53, "conversationId": 1497, "target_movie": "Hellraiser (1987)", "id": 830, "cot_result": "### User interaction records:\n\n1. Click\nTwice-Told Tales  (1963)\nRear Window (1954)\n\n2. Click\nIt's a Wonderful Life (1946)\nA Christmas Story (1983)\n\n3. Conversation\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a comedy.\nSystem: Hello, do you prefer action comedies?\nUser: No, I like romantic comedies.\nSystem: Did you like the movie Sweet Home Alabama  (2002) ?\nUser: Yes, I do like that one\nSystem: Do you prefer new movies or older movies like The Sure Thing (1985)\nUser: Either/or. I haven't seen that one. What's it about?\nSystem: Its a romantic comedy with John Cusack. He takes a road trip to meet a girl and ends up liking another girl who is on the road trip with him. Do you romantic comedies that take place during modern time or in another time period, like Ella Enchanted  (2004)\nUser: I prefer modern ones\nSystem: I think one you might like is This Means War  (2012) . It has Reese Witherspoon in it with Chelsea Handler.\nUser: Yeah I probably would. I like just about anything with Reese Witherspoon.\nSystem: Great! Glad I could find one for you.\nUser: Thank you\n\n4. Click\nExtremely Loud and Incredibly Close  (2011)\nUnfaithful  (2002)\n\n5. Click\nThe English Patient  (1996)\n\n6. Conversation\nSystem: hi\nSystem: What kind off movies do you like?\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a comedy like Mrs. Doubtfire (1993)\nSystem: How about Big Momma's House (2000)\nUser: I haven't seen any of those movies, but I've heard a lot about them.\nSystem: its got Martin Lawrence as Big Momma\nUser: Oh, I was thinking of Madea. I bet that one's funny, though\nSystem: License to Wed (2007) e to wed\nUser: Haven't seen that one either\nSystem: Its got Robin Williams\nUser: I'd probably like it, then\nSystem: The Big Lebowski\nUser: Haven't seen that one either\nSystem: Meet the Parents (2000)\nUser: I love that one! Thanks for the suggestions\nSystem: Your welcome, bye.\nUser: Bye\n\n7. Conversation\nSystem: Hi\nSystem: What would you like to watch?\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a good suspense movie\nUser: Like Saw  (2004)\nSystem: How about Psycho  (1960) a classic but a goodie\nUser: Yep! I love anything Hitchcock\nSystem: Memento  (2000)\nUser: Haven't seen that one\nSystem: Fight Club (1999)\nUser: Haven't seen that one either\nSystem: its a good movie, lots of twists.\nSystem: Shutter Island  (2010)\nUser: Haven't seen that one yet, but I love Leonardo DiCaprio\nUser: Thanks for the suggestions!\nSystem: Its a trippy movie. Didn't like the ending.\nSystem: your welcome.\n\n8. Conversation\nSystem: Hello, how are you?\nUser: I'm good thanks. I'm looking for a good film noir\nUser: Like Scarlet Street (1945)\nSystem: hmmm\nSystem: Dark films?\nSystem: Meet the Blacks (2016)\nUser: Yeah, preferrably black &amp; white\nUser: Haven't seen that one\nSystem: @SinCity\nSystem: Opps thats not added\nUser: I haven't seen that one either\nUser: Sin City  (2005) sounds interesting though\nSystem: Yes\nSystem: Thanks for helping with that correction\nUser: You're welcome\nSystem: Im not too good on black and white\nSystem: only Western Cyclone (1943)\nUser: Oh that's ok. Recent is fine\nUser: Haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out\nSystem: Good!\nSystem: Well happy holidays I hope those work!\nSystem: Bye!\nUser: Thanks Bye!\n\n9. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nSystem: What kind of movie would you like to watch?\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a dramedy like Going in Style  (2017)\nSystem: How about Gifted  (2017)\nUser: I haven't seen that one.\nSystem: Titanic  (1997)\nUser: ooh I love that one. So good.\nSystem: It's a Wonderful Life (1946) a classic but great for the Christmas Holidays\nUser: Yep, I watch it every Christmas Eve\nSystem: cool, I hope I helped you out.\nUser: Thanks bye!\nSystem: Bye\n\n10. Conversation\nSystem: Hello.\nSystem: What kind of movies would you like to see?\nUser: Hello I'm looking for a drama like To Kill a Mockingbird  (1962)\nSystem: How about A Time to Kill  (1996)\nUser: I haven't seen that one\nUser: 12 Angry Men  (1957) is another good one\nSystem: Its good. How about The Hurricane  (1999)\nSystem: The Judge  (2014)\nSystem: Lawrence of Arabia  (1962)\nUser: I really liked The Judge. It made me cry.\nSystem: It's a good movie\nUser: I haven't seen the others though. Thanks for the suggestions!\nSystem: Happy to help, See ya.\nUser: Bye\n\n11. Click\nLittle Miss Sunshine (2006)\n\n12. Conversation\nSystem: hello\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a comedy like Little Miss Sunshine (2006)\nSystem: hmm you might like st vincent\nUser: What's it about?\nSystem: Its about a single mon who leaves her child with a neighbour\nSystem: it stars bill Murray\nUser: St. Vincent  (2014) sounds interesting\nSystem: you might also like the life aquatic\nSystem: or Darjeeling Express\nUser: Please don't forget to tag the movies.\nSystem: ok ok\nUser: The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou (2004) and The Darjeeling Limited (2007)\nSystem: I think you might also like Pineapple express\nUser: I haven't seen Pineapple Express  (2008)\nUser: Thanks for the suggestions. Bye\nSystem: bye\n\n13. Conversation\nSystem: Hello\nUser: Hello, I'm looking for a horror movie like The Omen (1976)\nSystem: Okay if your like gorey horror then The Green Inferno  (2013)  is a good one\nSystem: There is also Insidious  (2011) which is sort of similar to the movie you mentioned\nUser: I haven't seen either one of those\nSystem: It’s oretty good and Intense\n\n### User Preferences:\n\nThe user prefers movies that blend suspense and psychological elements, often within the horror genre. They enjoy films with complex plots and twists, and have a particular interest in classic and modern horror films. The user also appreciates romantic comedies, especially those with modern settings and well-known actors. They are open to a variety of genres, including dramas and suspense films, and have a particular interest in films that offer a deeper psychological or emotional experience."}
